1 What is JSP?
  Ans: JSP is a java server pages
       it is used to create dyanamic web application
       We can write the java code into the html pages with the use of JSP
       It is mainly used to develop the presentation layer.

2. Explain life cycle methods of JSP.
    Ans:- first step is the translation phase where the jsp is converted into Servlet.
          The JSP engines compiles the servlet into the executable bytecode format(.class).
          The class is loaded into the web container to process the request.
          Creating a servlet instance.
          User-Request-Init Method invokd----database initilization
          ->service method -> where request is processed and response is sent to the client.
 
               void _jspService(HttpServletRequest req,HttpServletResponse resp)
                {
                               //business logic
                                                     }
          -->Destroy method is invoked only once to destroy the object and perform clean up activities
               
              
3.Who is responsible for handle the request?
 Ans:-The web container is responsible to handle the request

4.How manyType of Jsp implicit object?
   Ans:-      	1.out
	      	2.request
	      	3.response    
		4.config
		5.application
		6.session
		7.pageContext
		8.page
		9.exception


5.		JDBC-Why?
		Suppose I want to connect java program to the database then how can I do this?
		By using JDBC, we can achieve this
                JDBC stands for Java Database Connectivity. 
		It is an API for the Java programming language. 


6. To connect Java application with the MySQL database, 5 Steps?
     	1.Driver class
	2.Connection URL: 
	3.Username: 
	4.Password: 
	5.Create a table -

7.Hibernate-
         Ans:-Hibernate frameworks is mediator through which java application is communicated with database. 
              It is open source frameworks.
              It is Object Relational Mapping (ORM) tool.

   Why?
       	1.It is open source frameworks.
	2.Faster performance-
          It uses cache concept hence the performance is fast.
	3.Database independent query-
          It generates the database independent query.
	4.Automatic table creation-
          It has facility to create the database tables automatically. There is no need to create the database tables manually.
	5.Simplifies the complex join-
          It is easy to fetch the data from multiple tables in hibernate framework.



imporant questions