1.What is serialization?
2.Objects are passed by value or by reference?
3.Primitive data types are passed by reference or pass by value?
4.What type of parameter passing does Java support?
5.Can a top level class be private or protected?
6.What is the default value of an object reference declared as an instance variable?
7.What is the difference between declaring a variable and defining avariable?
8.Which methods of Serializable interface should I implement?
9.Does Java provide any construct to find out the size of an object?
10.Why do we need wrapper classes?
11.What are checked exceptions?
12.What are runtime exceptions?
13.What is the difference between error and an exception?
14.How to create custom exceptions?
15.If I want an object of my class to be thrown as an exception object, what should I do?
16.If my class already extends from some other class what should I do if Iwant an instance of my class to be thrown as an exception object
17.What are the different ways to handle exceptions?
18.Is it necessary that each try block must be followed by a catch block?
19.If I write return at the end of the try block, will the finally block still execute?
20.If I write System.exit(0); at the end of the try block, will the finally block stillexecute?
21.What is synchronization and why is it important?
    ANS:- Java supports multiple threading if two or more threaad executed at a same it will caused the program of excecusion to avoid this problem we used Synchronization is the process of allowing threads to execute one after another.
22.When a thread is created and started, what is its initial state?
   ANS:-A thread is in the ready state after it has been created and started.
23.What is the difference between a while statement and a do statement?
   ANS:-A while statement checks at the beginning of a loop to see whether the next loopiteration should occur.
      A do statement checks at the end of a loop to see whether the next iteration of a loopshould occur. The do statement will always execute the body of a loop at least once.
24.What is the difference between static and non-static variables?
24.How are this() and super() used with constructors?
   ANS-This() is used to invoked the constructor of same class 
       Super() is used invoked the superclass constructor
     Program:-class Test
{
    Test()
    {
        System.out.println("Animals are 123");
    }
}
class Best extends Test
{
  
    Best()
    
    {  
        super();
      
        System.out.println("Happy");
    }
    public static void main(String [] args)
    {
        Best b= new Best();
        System.out.println("Inside123");
    }
}



25. How does a try statement determine which catch clause should be used tohandle an exception?
26.What modifiers are allowed for methods in an Interface?:-public
27.Is Empty .java file a valid source file?:-yes
28.Can a .java file contain more than one java classes?:-yes
29.Is String a primitive data type in Java?:-no
30.Is main a keyword in Java?:-no
31.Is next a keyword in Java?:-no
32.Is delete a keyword in Java?:no
33.Is exit a keyword in Java?:-no
34.What happens if you dont initialize an instance variable of any of theprimitive types in Java?:-0 and if boolean:-false
35.What will be the initial value of an object reference which is defined as aninstance variable?:-null
36.What are the different scopes for Java variables?
37.What is the default value of the local variables?
38.Can a public class MyClass be defined in a source file namedYourClass.java?:-no
39.Can main() method be declared final?
    Ans:-Yes, the main() method can be declared final, in addition to being public static.
40.What is HashMap and Map?
   Ans:-Map is an Interface and Hashmap is the class that implements Map.
41.Difference between HashMap and HashTable? :-----need to do
42.Difference between Vector and ArrayList?
   Ans:-Vector is synchronized whereas arraylist is not.
43.Can an application have multiple classes having main() method?
44.What is the difference between a constructor and a method?
45.What is the purpose of garbage collection in Java, and when is it used?
   Ans:-The purpose of garbage collection is to identify and discard objects that are no longer needed by a program so that their resources can be reclaimed and reused.
46.What is an abstract class?
   Ans:-Any class with an abstract method is automatically abstract itself,
47.What is the difference between an Interface and an Abstract class?
48.Explain different way of using thread?
   Ans:-The thread could be implemented by using runnable interface or by inheriting from theThread class.
49.What is static in java?
50.What is Final in class?
51.What if the main() method is declared as private?
52.What if the static modifier is removed from the signature of the main()method?
53.What if I write static public void instead of public static void?:-compile fine
54.What if I do not provide the String array as the argument to the method? NoSuchMethod error
55.What is the first argument of the String array in main() method ?:- empty
56.If I do not provide any arguments on the command line, then the Stringarray of main() method will be empty or null? :-is empty but not null
57.What environment variables do I need to set on my machine in order to beable to run Java programs:-ClassPath and Path
58.Can I have multiple main() methods in the same class?:No
59.Do I need to import java.lang package any time? Why ?:-by defauld loaded by JVM
60.